docs: update minimum base fee to 2,000,000 wei (#1100)
base/docs: docs/base-chain/network-information/network-fees.mdx

As part of the [Jovian upgrade], Base introduced a minimum base fee. This feature sets a floor for the L2 base fee, preventing it from dropping to extremely low levels during periods of low network activity.

> The minimum base fee for Base Mainnet is 2,000,000 wei (0.002 gwei). This value may be periodically adjusted as we gather data on how it affects the chain. For reference, a minimum base fee of 0.002 gwei results in a cost of approximately 0.1 cents for a typical 200,000 gas transaction at an ETH price of $2500.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum base fee for Base Mainnet is 2,000,000 wei (0.002 gwei). This value may be periodically adjusted as we gather data on how it affects the chain. For reference, a minimum base fee of 0.002 gwei results in a cost of approximately $0.001 for a typical 200,000 gas transaction at an ETH price of $2500.
```
